README.md, before:

# Meditation Mastery Website

Meditation Mastery is a page that i have created for the purpose of trying to  get as much people as people as possible educated in the incredible amazing benefits of meditation.

![Am i responsive](/assets/docs/amiresponsive.png)
![Meditation Mastery Website](https://d0nie1998.github.io/meditation-/index.html)
<br/>
<br/>

# Table of Contents
1. [User Experience](#user-experience-ux)
2. [Main Features](#main-features)
3. [Technologies](#technologies)
4. [Testing](#testing)
5. [Deployment](#deployment)
6. [Credits](#credits)

<br />
<br />

# User Experience (UX)

## User Stories

### Client Goals

* To be able to view the site on a range of device sizes.
* To make it easy for potential members to find out what meditation mastery is and how to take part.
* To give the readers the must up to date information and become a credible source of information
* To allow people to be able to contact the pageto ask further questions or with book recommendations etc.

### First Time Visitor Goals

* I want to find out what is meditation mastery and how I can take part.
* I want to be able to navigate the site easily to find information.
* I want to be able to find out what meditation is.

### Returning Visitor Goals

* 
* I want to be able to easily contact meditation mastery with questions I might have.

#### Frequent Visitor Goals

* I want to be able to have a blog so i can interact with likeminded people.
* i want to sign up for a newsletter to find out the latest news on the website.
</br>
</br>

# Main features



</br>
</br>


# Technologies 

## Languages Used

HTML and CSS were used to create this website.

## Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used


Git - For version control.

Github - To save and store the files for the website.

Google Fonts - To import the fonts used on the website.

Font Awesome - For the iconography on the website.

Google Dev Tools - To troubleshoot and test features, solve issues with responsiveness and styling.

[Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/) To create favicon.

[Am I Responsive?](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/) To show the website image on a range of devices.
</br>
</br>

# Testing

</br>
</br>

# Deployment
I deployed the site on GitHub pages. The following steps were used to deploy:
1. In the project repository, navigate to the settings tab.
2. Select the pages tab from the left hand menu.
3. Under the source section, in the drop-down menu select the main branch and click save.
4. Once the page has refreshed a ribbon will display indicating the successful deployment of the site and link to the live page.


## Local Deployment
Steps to clone this project from GitHub:
1. In the project repository, navigate to the code button.
2. Select download Zip from the clone menu.
3. Once zip file has been downloaded, unzip the file.
4. Save the file and run it locally
Live link is available here [https://d0nie1998.github.io/meditation-/index.html]
</br>
</br>

# Credits

## Content


### Images
[pinterest](https://www.pinterest.ie/)for  all the photos used in the page
I used favicon.ico to create the favicon used in this website.

### Information
[Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/@NetNinja) used his tutorials to further my knowledge on media queries, header and footer design.


## Acknowledgements

### People
I want to take a moment to express my heartfelt gratitude to my family and friends. Their unwavering support throughout this process has been truly invaluable. Without their encouragement and belief in me, I would not have been able to reach this point. I am grateful to have such wonderful people in my life.

Additionally, I would like to extend a special thank you to my mentor, Jubril. Your guidance and expertise have been instrumental in my success. Your dedication to my growth and development has not gone unnoticed, and I am incredibly grateful for your presence in my life. Thank you for your unwavering support and encouragement.

### Code Institute
I just wanted to express my appreciation for the lessons I learned from Code Institute. Your program provided me with a comprehensive education in coding and technology, and I am grateful for the knowledge and skills I acquired.




</br>
</br>

Commit message:

add header and home page readme

README.md, after:

# Meditation Mastery Website

Meditation Mastery is a page that i have created for the purpose of trying to  get as much people as people as possible educated in the incredible amazing benefits of meditation.

![Am i responsive](/assets/docs/amiresponsive.png)
![Meditation Mastery Website](https://d0nie1998.github.io/meditation-/index.html)
<br/>
<br/>

# Table of Contents
1. [User Experience](#user-experience-ux)
2. [Main Features](#main-features)
3. [Technologies](#technologies)
4. [Testing](#testing)
5. [Deployment](#deployment)
6. [Credits](#credits)

<br />
<br />

# User Experience (UX)

## User Stories

### Client Goals

* To be able to view the site on a range of device sizes.
* To make it easy for potential members to find out what meditation mastery is and how to take part.
* To give the readers the must up to date information and become a credible source of information
* To allow people to be able to contact the pageto ask further questions or with book recommendations etc.

### First Time Visitor Goals

* I want to find out what is meditation mastery and how I can take part.
* I want to be able to navigate the site easily to find information.
* I want to be able to find out what meditation is.

### Returning Visitor Goals

* 
* I want to be able to easily contact meditation mastery with questions I might have.

#### Frequent Visitor Goals

* I want to be able to have a blog so i can interact with likeminded people.
* i want to sign up for a newsletter to find out the latest news on the website.
</br>
</br>

# Main features

## Header
I designed my website's header to be simple and easy to use, with an intuitive navigation system. This approach can be effective in helping visitors quickly find what they're looking for without getting overwhelmed by a cluttered design. By creating a positive user experience through ease of use and visual clarity, I hope to increase engagement, trust, and conversions.

![Header](/assets/docs/header-read-me.png)
## Home page
On my website's homepage, I've included an image of a beautiful home in a peaceful setting, with text that highlights how meditation can be done from the comfort of your own home. I believe that this approach can be effective in conveying a sense of peace and relaxation to visitors, while also showcasing the benefits of a consistent meditation practice.

By emphasizing the idea that meditation can be practiced anywhere, including from the comfort of one's own home, I hope to encourage visitors to explore the different meditation resources available on my site

## Introduction

## Types of meditation

## Famous meditators

## About page

## Contact page 

## Footer

## Future development


</br>
</br>


# Technologies 

## Languages Used

HTML and CSS were used to create this website.

## Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used


Git - For version control.

Github - To save and store the files for the website.

Google Fonts - To import the fonts used on the website.

Font Awesome - For the iconography on the website.

Google Dev Tools - To troubleshoot and test features, solve issues with responsiveness and styling.

[Favicon.io](https://favicon.io/) To create favicon.

[Am I Responsive?](http://ami.responsivedesign.is/) To show the website image on a range of devices.
</br>
</br>

# Testing

</br>
</br>

# Deployment
I deployed the site on GitHub pages. The following steps were used to deploy:
1. In the project repository, navigate to the settings tab.
2. Select the pages tab from the left hand menu.
3. Under the source section, in the drop-down menu select the main branch and click save.
4. Once the page has refreshed a ribbon will display indicating the successful deployment of the site and link to the live page.


## Local Deployment
Steps to clone this project from GitHub:
1. In the project repository, navigate to the code button.
2. Select download Zip from the clone menu.
3. Once zip file has been downloaded, unzip the file.
4. Save the file and run it locally
Live link is available here [https://d0nie1998.github.io/meditation-/index.html]
</br>
</br>

# Credits

## Content


### Images
[pinterest](https://www.pinterest.ie/)for  all the photos used in the page
I used favicon.ico to create the favicon used in this website.

### Information
[Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/@NetNinja) used his tutorials to further my knowledge on media queries, header and footer design.


## Acknowledgements

### People
I want to take a moment to express my heartfelt gratitude to my family and friends. Their unwavering support throughout this process has been truly invaluable. Without their encouragement and belief in me, I would not have been able to reach this point. I am grateful to have such wonderful people in my life.

Additionally, I would like to extend a special thank you to my mentor, Jubril. Your guidance and expertise have been instrumental in my success. Your dedication to my growth and development has not gone unnoticed, and I am incredibly grateful for your presence in my life. Thank you for your unwavering support and encouragement.

### Code Institute
I just wanted to express my appreciation for the lessons I learned from Code Institute. Your program provided me with a comprehensive education in coding and technology, and I am grateful for the knowledge and skills I acquired.




</br>
</br>
